Refs #35528 - Reflect that i386 isn't provisioned by default (#3093)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_creating-architectures.adoc

An architecture in {Project} represents a logical grouping of hosts and operating systems.
Architectures are created by {Project} automatically when hosts check in with Puppet.

> The x86_64 architectures is already preset in {Project}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The x86_64 architecture is preset in {Project}.
```
